absorb grass special 20	no
acid poison special 40 no
acidSpray poison special 40 no
acrobatics flying physical 55 yes
aerialAce flying physical 60 no
aeroblast flying special 100 no
airCutter flying special 60 no
airSlash flying special 75 no 
ancientPower rock special 50 no
aquaJet water physical 40 no
aquaTail water physical 90 no
armThrust fighting physical 15 yes
assurance dark physical 60 no
astonish ghost physical 30 no
attackOrder bug physical 90 no
auraSphere fighting special 80 no
auroraBeam ice special 65 no
avalanche ice physical 60 no
barrage normal physical 15 yes
beatUp dark physical 1 yes
belch poison special 120 yes
bind physical physical 15 yes
bite dark physical 60 no
blastBurn fire special 150 no
blazeKick fire physical 85 no
blizzard ice special 110 no
bodySlam normal physical 85 no
boneClub ground physical 65 no
boneRush ground physical 25 yes
bonemarang ground physical 50 yes
boomburst normal special 140 no
bounce flying physical 85 no
braveBird flying physical 120 no
brickBreak fighting physical 75 no
brine water special 65 yes
bubble water special 40 no
bubbleBeam water special 65 no
bugBite bug physical 60 no
bugBuzz bug special 90 no
bulldoze ground physical 60 no
bulletPunch steel physical 40 no
bulletSeed grass physical 25 yes
chargeBeam electric special 50 no
chatter flying special 65 no
chipAway normal physical 70 yes
circleThrow fighting physical 60 no
clamp water physical 35 yes
clearSmog poison special 50 no
closeCombat fighting physical 120 no
cometPunch normal physical 18 no
confusion psychic special 50 no
constrict normal physical 10 no
crabhammer water physical 100 no
crossChop fighting physical 100 no
crossPoison poison physical 70 no
crunch dark physical 80 no
crushClaw normal physical 75 no
crushGrip normal physical 110 yes
cut normal physical 50 no
darkPulse dark special 80 no
dazzlingGleam fairy special 80 no
dig ground physical 80 no
disarmingVoice fairy special 40 no
discharge electric special 80 no
dive water physical 80 no
dizzyPunch normal physical 70 no
doomDesire steel special 140 no
doubleHit normal physical 35 yes
doubleKick fighting physical 30 yes
doubleSlap normal physical 15 yes
double-edge normal physical 120 no
dracoMeteor dragon special 130 no
dragonBreath dragon special 60 no
dragonClaw dragon physical 80 no
dragonPulse dragon special 85 no
dragonRage dragon special 1 yes
dragonRush dragon physical 100 no
dragonTail dragon physical 60 no
drainPunch fighting physical 75 no
drainingKiss fairy special 50 no
dreamEater psychic special 100 no
drillPeck flying physical 80 no
drillRun ground physical 80 no
dualChop dragon physical 40 yes
dynamicPunch fighting physical 100 no

